Yesterday's drama festival sure was fun, huh?
Sugino got really into his performance.
Who would've thought he could put on such an evil face?
I got really worked up about co-starring with Kanzaki.
But I bet my character totally put her off instead.
That's not true, Sugino-kun.
I thought it was really cool that you could act.
Seriously?! Maybe I'll quit baseball and become an actor!
Pitchers need to be able to act, too.
I'm happy to see my students discover unexpected talents.
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
14th Period Hara Sumire Secret Identity Time
Oh, no...
Everything fell out and made a huge mess, huh?
Yeah, my hand slipped while I was cleaning.
These are the beads we used for the river in the play.
We borrowed them from a prop company.
It's fine. Let's pick them up together.
Thanks!
I didn't want to get in the way of everyone making assassination plans.
I see. So this is why you stepped out.
I'll help too.
If that's all right with you!
His back's wide open.
But if we could get him under these conditions,
we wouldn't have had to work so hard this past year.
Something smells fishy.
Oh, during the school festival, we smoked fish here.
We had a lot of different school events, huh?
Yeah. But once we clean this up, they'll all be over.
It really brings back memories.
Like when Korosensei first came to the E Class.
Back then, you kids were complete amateurs, huh?
I failed right off the bat.
And Sugino couldn't do it, either.
After that, Karma-kun joined us.
I didn't know much about him, so I had you tell me all the details, right, Nagisa?
I got kinda antsy when Itona-kun came along.
I thought he was going to beat us to it.
I see Okajima-kun's left another hidden treasure!
I got to do lots of different things in this classroom, too.
It's fun, but a little depressing.
I'm a terrible swimmer.
Once I put my mind to something, I just keep on rolling.
Not even your closest friends get to see your true blade.
I'll keep trying to kill you,
with my wibbly-wobbly blades.
I have more than you'd think.
You didn't realize, did you?
Not in all this time.
A pitfall?
I love you, Korosensei.
Now, please die.
Kayano...?
In all the time I spent watching,
I saw many different assassins try and fail.
The most effective tactic, out of all they used...
was a simple pitfall!
A pool of anti-teacher material!
I have to... get above ground... quickly!
I'm good, aren't I?
I spent a year studying your tentacles' movement patterns from the best seat in the house!
One more attack!
Oh, no!
Korosensei!
What in the world was that just now?
Kayano-san?
What's with those tentacles?
Aw, man.
I attacked with all I had, too.
Can't believe I still underestimated him enough to let him get away.
Kayano-san, what in the world...?
Sorry. Kayano Kaede isn't my real name.
I'm Yukimura Aguri's younger sister.
You understand now, don't you?
Murderer.
Yukimura...
Kayano's face, after she'd dropped her facade...
The look of cruelty on it made her seem like someone else entirely.
Well, no use crying over spilled milk.
I have to move on.
I'll try to kill you again tomorrow, Korosensei.
I'll let you know where beforehand.
Now that I've fought you tentacle-to-tentacle, I know for sure.
I can definitely kill you as I am right now.
Unthinkable.
If she grew those tentacles without any maintenance,
she would have been under constant, hellish pain.
There's no way she could have borne it without it showing on her face.
Not only that, but she's Yukimura Aguri's little sister?
Wasn't that our old homeroom teacher?
I thought I'd seen Kayano before somewhere.
I remembered after seeing her with her hair down and that harsh expression.
Do you remember Mase Haruna?
The young acting prodigy who could easily take on any role.
It's been a while since she began her hiatus,
and her hair and personality are completely different, so I didn't notice.
Which is the real her?
When I first entered the classroom, I was surprised.
There was someone completely unexpected in there.
Yukimura Aguri's younger sister— real name: Yukimura Akari.
She had infiltrated that classroom under an alias.
When I realized who she was and investigated her private life,
I confirmed she harbored tentacles of her own.
She was able to grasp how to use those tentacles in a short amount of time,
so her intellect must be quite impressive,
but her tenacity is even more miraculous.
She endured the maddening pain from the tentacles without even breaking a sweat
and kept smiling for a whole year— a display of her mental fortitude.
She put on different faces for different occasions
and prevented the others from noticing her murderous intent—a testament to her acting prowess.
Her talent for assassination is head and shoulders above everyone else in the E Class.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Kayano Kaede
I was just heading out to meet her.
We had a lot of catching up to do.
I was on an extended leave of absence from acting, as per my agency's wishes.
People had stopped noticing me on the streets.
This is a lot easier than it used to be.
Maybe I should try just getting a regular job.
Sis...
With my small frame, I was able to crawl in there before the adults could.
And the sight that met my eyes was...
Sis...
Sis! Sis!
Sis! Come on, Sis!
To whom it may concern, I will withdraw for now,
but I am willing to take over as homeroom teacher
Kunugigaoka Junior High Class 3-E.
I will visit at a later date to negotiate.
Signed, a super-destructive being.
Next to her, I found vials of liquid.
I discovered later that they contained tentacle cells.
I can't explain why I took one with me.
But if there was a way to go up against that monster, the likes of which I'd never seen,
it had to be in those vials. I understood that instinctively.
Human Tentacle Weapon Prototype.
Specially tailored for human implantation.
Provides great power, but at the cost of hellish pain if maintenance is neglected.
I don't care.
It was the same as when I decided to become an actor.
Once I put my mind to something, I just keep on rolling.
This is the first time anyone's ever just passed our transfer exam out of the blue.
Let's see... Kayano Kaede-san.
Thank you very much!
A forged certificate of residence,
and the name of a minor character that was cut from a made-for-TV movie I was once in.
I'll play the part. Perfectly.
By the way, at this school, there's a class for students with behavioral problems...
Right?
If things proceeded according to that note,
the monster that murdered my sister and ran away
would definitely come to Kunugigaoka's Class 3-E.
Akari, you're so lucky you're cute.
I'm jealous that you got those genes and I didn't.
I'm jealous of you too, Sis.
The only thing we have in common is our black hair, huh?
I decided to change my hair color, too.
I didn't know why that monster wanted to take over Sis's class.
But as her little sister, there was only one thing I could do.
In order to prevent my thirst for revenge from being exposed,
I had to play the part perfectly.
Oh, you must be... Yup, I transferred here today.
Your hair sure is long.
Oh, I want to cut it short, but I can't. It's kind of a long story.
Whether I stood out or not, I'd be watched.
That's why I had to play around with the casting.
To create a main character who stood out more than me
and devote myself to being a side character.
Look, now it's just like mine!
I'm Kayano Kaede. Nice to meet you!
The tentacles asked me what I wanted to become.
I answered...
that I wanted to be an assassin.
I stifled the resentment, the agony—all my true feelings.
I would be an assassin, playing my part until it was time to strike.
I don't care if I die.
As long as I get my revenge.
As I thought. You're not good at following directions.
I even warned you to wait until my preparations were complete.
What do you think you can do?
You couldn't even look after Itona. So you abandoned him.
From the looks of it, your metabolic balance is off as well.
The fate of those who continue to use untamed tentacles...
Mind your own business.
I'll kill him myself. Just stay out of the way.
Don't be so cold
to your one and only big brother.
I'll kill you, you animal!
Now that you bring it up, that's definitely Kayano.
Give me back my mom! Give her back!
Bring her back to life right now!
Wow. Her countenance and personality are completely different.
No wonder she was able to conceal her identity for almost a year.
Kayano was friends with everyone,
but she never let anyone get too close.
She stayed close to me because she was using my murderous intent to hide her own.
My Plan (Secret)
Now that I think about it, the giant pudding was a decoy assassination, too.
Because in this class, it would be more suspicious for her not to try anything.
She was acting...
as the cheerful, fun, and almost- completely-harmless Kayano Kaede.
Korosensei, Kayano called you a murderer.
What happened back then?
We've known you long enough that we'll trust you, whatever you say.
But you have to tell us about your past.
If you don't, no one will be able to accept what's happening now.
That's what it's come to.
Very well.
I'll tell you everything about my past.
However, Kayano-san is a vital part of the E Class, just like all of you.
I will tell you when the whole class is together.
From:
To:
Subject:
(none)
Kayano Kaede Korosensei
Dear Korosensei,
Come to the field of zebra grass in the hills behind the school at 7 PM tonight.
From:
To:
Subject:
(none)
Kayano Kaede Korosensei
Dear Korosensei,
Come to the field of zebra grass in the hills behind the school at 7 PM tonight.
So you came.
Let's end this, then.
Korosensei, I'm the one who gave you your name, you know.
So as your mother, I'll take your life, too.
Kayano-san, it's too dangerous to keep using those tentacles!
If you don't remove them and seek treatment immediately, your own life could be at risk!
What are you talking about? They're in excellent condition.
Don't even bother trying to throw me off with a bluff.
Kayano...
Was it all an act?
Even when we were having fun? Or overcoming hardship together with everyone?
It was.
I am an actress, after all.
When Nagisa was defeated by Takaoka-sensei,
I could hardly bear to watch without joining in the fight.
When I was kidnapped by delinquents and kicked by the Reaper,
I was so angry that I wanted to kill them on the spot.
But I endured it and kept up the frail girl act.
Because if my identity was exposed before I killed him,
I wouldn't be able to avenge my sister.
Your sister... Yukimura-sensei?
Hers was truly a wretched fate, to be killed by this monster.
She loved being a teacher.
I heard a little about you all, too.
Come on, you can do it if you try!
This E Class is a paradise, overflowing with dreams and opportunities!
Yukimura-sensei...
You wear really lame shirts sometimes, you know?
What? These are my best clothes!
We know, Kayano.
We only had her for two short weeks in the March of our second year,
but she was a passionate, shining example of a teacher.
Would Korosensei kill Yukimura-sensei just like that?
He's never done anything that cruel in front of us.
Right? At least hear him out, Kaede-chan!
He even came all the way to my house when I was suspended.
But are you really okay with this?
I can't imagine that what you're doing now is the best way to resolve this as an assassin.
I'm guessing your body feels hot, but the nape of your neck feels cold.
That's the abnormal metabolism characteristic of those with implanted tentacles.
If you fight in that condition, you'll really be in trouble.
You'll lose control amidst the heat and agony,
and your life-force will be drained by the tentacles.
At worst...
Shut up. This is none of your business.
No matter the weakness or shortcoming, anything that's polished can become a weapon.
You're the one who taught me that, Sensei.
If my body's too hot to bear,
I'll just make it even hotter and gather the heat in my tentacles!
No! Any more and—
I'm in the very best condition.
My whole body's so sensitive that I won't miss a single opening.
Stop it, Kayano!
This isn't right!
I learned this lesson too!
If you sacrifice yourself to kill someone, there won't be anything left behind!
I'm not planning on sacrificing myself, Nagisa.
All I'm doing...
is killing him.
Once I put my mind to something, I just keep on rolling!
Wow... They're like volcanic bombs.
Kayano... isn't acting? These are her true feelings?
I snagged a piece! It's still moving!
She's only been fighting like this for ten or fifteen seconds,
but the tentacles are already starting to take over her mind.
What's the matter, Korosensei?
My head doesn't hurt anymore!
The pain feels good now!
If they've already taken that much control, it's too late.
Whether or not she gets her revenge,
she'll only last a few more minutes after that.
Then I think she'll die.
Is this...
Is this really the assassination Kayano wanted?
Come on! Die, Korosensei!
Kayano-san...
Die! Die! Die!
Korosensei... Kill me...
Help me!
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
The moon that floats in the night sky
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
sotto furete mita atatakakute
I went to touch it: it was warm jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo